in qatar friends of galaxies today I bring
for you all you need to know
about the new bots
so do not move from here and now
we started and how many times have you searched
the perfect complement for your phone
when listening to music, most
of equipment come hands-free
but also almost all included
They are of very poor quality and to improve
the experience we end up buying
others of different brands which
they improve the quality but the price
it always shoots up the clouds you
I present to the boys club a great
add-on for your team which
they will come to improve all your experience
multimedia the main feature
of the blue is its wireless capability
they connect by bluetooth or nfc to your
device in less than 5 seconds
goodbye cables no more die hanged by
the night when you stay with the
hearing aids put this model on
specific account with bluetooth 4.0
nfc connectivity rechargeable stuff
microphone to use with hands
free and control buttons in one of
its sides added to its refined design
in white color the exterior design is
incredible the state
for a couple of weeks and they really have
liked are very light inclusive
using them for long periods of time
finishing material feel very
good quality and sound is pretty
solid the lows if they are not so deep
they do their job very well but what
compensate with an excellent fidelity in
serious and medium the battery of these
hearing aids is rechargeable and with a charge
Two hours can support up to 10
hours of music continues very good
performance for the size of the
Hearing aids will help you for a long trip
about 5 days of normal use to control
the volume songs and performance of
your hearing aids have these controls in
the right side go up lower volume
overtake delay play and pause
your music all these buttons are
they are distributed in an impeccable
way and size without interfering with your
design and that is the durability
if you want to try them just see the
electricity that the
manufacturer ensures that you can even
sit on them without fear of breaking them
try it and do not be afraid or good at
less not so much the balloons are a
excellent balance between design quality
functionality and price you find them
available for only $ 49 in the
panda wheel page dot com shipping
It's free to anywhere in the world and
indeed for this price is
received
much more I loved them so alone
for the design and free yourself from the cables
they are very worthwhile now add all your
other characteristics and compare them with
some others of that same price
you will hardly find
same
if you want to acquire them I leave you here
down in the description the direct link
to the store is very simple to buy and
quite safe up here with the review
today I hope you liked it if it was
so please do not forget to like it
video on the bottom and subscribe
to the channel if you have not done it yet
tell me which model of hearing aids you use with
your phone leaves your comment here
below to know what is your me
you recommend
thank you very much for watching today's video
remember that I am carlos of galaxies and
see you next time